#Steps followed to blynk LED on FPGA Mini board through Oracle Virtual box
1. Download vsdsquadron_fpga_mini zip file 
2. after that extract  vsdquadron_fpga_mini.vdi
3. Download the Oracle Virtule Box
4. Select New
5. In the "Create Virtual Machine' wizard, enter a name for the virtual machine and select the
   operating system type as Linux and version as Xubuntu (64-bit) that matches the one installed
   in the VDI file you want to open. And then click on "Next"
6. Setup the hardware.
   Base memory-4096 MB, Processors-4 CPU's
7. In the Virtual Hard disk, Choose the "Use an existing virtual hard disk file" option and
   click on the folder icon to browse to the location of the unzipped VDI file on your Windows
   computer.Once done, click on Next and click on finish.
8. Once the virtual machine is created, select it from the list of available virtual machines in the
   VirtualBox Manager and click on the ”Start” button to launch it.It would
   take about 2-3 minutes to start the virtual machine
9. The VM will start and prompt for password.Enter the password as "vsdiat"
   and click on "Log In" button=
10. You will see a virtual box  window,take your cursor in the middle of the screen and
    right click on mouse. You will see lot of options,you need to left
    click on terminal.
11. You should see a terminal window

Now start the project. To navigate through project directories in a UNIX environment,
 use the following commands:
 cd
 cd VSDSquadron_FM
 cd blink_led
There is a preloaded project in "blink led" directory. To test the project on VSDSquadron
FPGA Mini (FM) board, we need to make sure that the board is connected to the Oracle
Virtual Machine. 
Perform following steps– Connect the board to your PC, On the Virtual Machine, click on ”Devices → USB → FTDI Single RS232-HS [J900]”
Type the 'lsusb' command in the terminal- to confirm if the board is connected to the USB.
To program the VSDSquadron FPGA Mini (FM) board, follow these commands:
 make clean
 make build
 sudo make flash
